---
layout: post
title:	"Ingress Process for the Dark Code Club"
date:	2023-11-19 23:00:00
categories:
    - blog
tags:
    - joinus
---

#### Step 1: Express Interest

Drop a shout-out to the Dark Code Club crew! If you're down to join the fun, let us know you're interested. Just throw your name in the hat, whether through our website or if you got an invite from a buddy.

#### Step 2: Initial Challenge

Time for the initiation! We'll toss you a challenge to see if you've got the skills. It could be solving a puzzle, cracking a code, or finding the bug in a script. Let's see what you've got in your toolkit!

#### Step 3: Hacker Challenge

Now things get serious! We're throwing a hacker challenge your way. It might be an invasion scenario, a vulnerability analysis, or even creating a wild security solution. Show us you're a ninja in this world!

#### Step 4: Peer Review

Now, the Dark Code Club crew is going to check out your challenges. No formalities, just us seeing if you're the right vibe, if you dig the game, and if you're good at what you do. It's all about camaraderie here.

#### Step 5: Acceptance and Welcome

If you nailed the challenges and the crew likes your style, you're in! You'll get the official Dark Code Club shout-out. No oaths or anything, just roll up and start causing some cyber-security mayhem with us.

Let's do this, friendly hacker! The Dark Code Club is by the people, for the people. Let's explore the bits and bytes together! 👾🤘

<br>
##### joinus@darkcode.club
